# 1
***
> Alright, let me explain myself. The relationship... was difficult. I mean, think about it, we were a world apart. I was literally on the other side of the world. The STRAIGHT. LINE. connecting me and her, the HYPOTHETICAL straight line that would be as long as the shortest distance between her and I, went through the fu-... frickin' core of the only planet we have ever inhabited.
> Yes, it sounds romantic but that's because of how I'm saying it. Sounds positive, but it isn't. It's like saying, "The courage to make a man's daughter cry." WHICH, by the way, happened as you can remember. I can assure you that in none of those occasions was she hurting alone. 
> What happened was, we were in a relationship. And in a relationship you seek some sort of warmth and shelter from your partner, from what I have gathered so far, and she wasn't getting it. I was just a sound coming from her phone. 
> And Nicole has always been on the needier side of the spectrum. No, I don't mean that as a compliment but I love that about her too. And I always thought that it had to have come from at least one of her parents. One of you knows which parent and the other one is the one it's coming from.
> Now I, being a young man in love, wanted to provide her with everything that a normal relationship would give her. But it's difficult to do that when only your voice reaches her fast enough. But I can say I tried my best. Slightly more than I could afford to at the time. But hey, I was serious about it. Also I was young and dumb, it's easy to get serious about things at that age.
> But the distance made it oh so difficult.
> Now my point is, it was tough, yes. But that doesn't make her a shitty lover or a person. And... it doesn't make me a shitty lover or a person. I may be a shitty person but I can say with my chin raised and voice raised, not too much, I don't like speaking too loudly, feels like I'm being rude. I can say that this does not make me a shitty person. It makes me a bloody dumb one to ever have put myself and someone I was extremely fond of through that. But not a bad one. 